<uid>61003804
<uname>FreddyAmazin
<tweet>
I don't regret the things I've done, I regret the things I didn't do when I had the chance.
I can fake a smile when I feel horrible. I can pretend to be happy. But, what I can't do is pretend that I don't love you.
Don't feel sad over someone who gave up on you, feel sorry for them because they gave up on someone who would have never given up on them.
I love talking to someone who understands. I don't have to get judged, or worry about the right or wrong things to say.
I love seeing old couples. It makes me believe that love can last forever.
Where would I be without my mom? Probably in the middle of the street, without a jacket on, talking to some stranger.
If ur not #Following Stewie from FAMILY GUY -&gt; @LordStewie then why even have a twitter? Ur missing out on some of the funniest best tweets!
Don’t confuse my personality with my attitude. My personality is who I am. My attitude depends on who you are.
I fell in love with your personality, your looks are just a bonus.
I still care, i'm just done showing it.
Good people go through the most bullshit.
don't confuse my attitude with my personality.. my personality is who I am my attitude depends on who you are
*waiting for a reply* 
1 minute: ? 
5 minutes: ☺ 
10 minutes: ? 
30: minutes: ? 
1 hour: ? 
Gives up on getting a reply: ?
Don’t confuse my personality with my attitude. My personality is who I am. My attitude depends on who you are.
I don't regret the things I've done, I regret the things I didn't do when I had the chance.
Dear God, I'm a sinner... I've done right but I've also done wrong but you've never given up on me... Thank You.
I want a laid back, funny, shit talking, play fighting, and "I love you" type of relationship
Shit happens, life goes on.
I love my mom no matter what we go through, no matter how much we argue, because I know, in the end, she’ll always be there.
A Real girlfriend will be on your ass, text you everyday, fight with you, cares about you, listens to you, and loves you like no girl has.
Remember, you gave up on us first, not me.
