<uid>66714703
<uname>damnitstrue
<tweet>
Sometimes, I wish I could read your mind. Then I wonder, if I could handle the truth.
#YouHadMeAt hello, you hurt me at goodbye. But you lost me the day you didn't look back.
A person who truly loves you will never let you go or give up on you, no matter how hard the situation is.
I woke up with you on my mind.
If a girl leans toward you: Kiss her. If her hand is free: Hold it. If she's upset: Hug her until she is okay. Just, love her.
You see, I love you and I don't want to lose you because my life has been better since the day I found you.
Keep people in your life who truly love you, motivate you, and make you happy. If you know people who do none of these things, let them go.
Always be strong enough to let go, and be smart enough to wait for what you deserve.
I try not to miss you, I try to let go, but in the end, you're always on my mind.
Emotionally: I'm done. Mentally: I'm drained. Spiritually: I feel dead. Physically: I smile.
3 words, 8 letters. 3 syllables, 5 vowels, 3 consonants, 2 nouns, one emotion, many meanings, a big lie, a rare truth: I LOVE YOU ♥
Parents, problems, friends, boys, love, crush, dating, responsibility, drama, heartache, failures, stress, happiness, its called life.
Don't feel sad over someone who gave up on you, feel sorry for them because they gave up on someone who would have never given up on them.
Forget the past, it's gone, not worth it, and you can't do anything to change it. Focus on the future. Plan what you want, and aim for it.
I'm sad, hurt, angry, mad, disappointed. But you know what? I'll put on a happy face and move on. It will hurt but I will survive.
I’m not a perfect person, I make a lot of mistakes... but still, I love those people who stay with me after knowing how I really am.
God has a perfect timing for everything. You must wait on His timing.
I want to be the reason why you fall asleep with your phone in your hand.
As you start and end your day, say THANK YOU for every little things in your life. And you will come to realize how blessed you truly are.
Overthinking when you're laying in bed at night.
God knows who belongs in your life and who doesn’t. Trust and let go. Whoever is meant to be there, will still be there.
Happy times come and go, but the memories stay forever.
I miss you, but I'm trying not to care. I love you, but I'm trying not to show. I want you, but what can I do when you are not even mine?
I don't depend on people anymore because I'm tired of being disappointed.
Someday, you'll miss me like I missed you. Someday, you'll need me like I needed you. Someday, you'll love me but I won't love you.
I love you, but I hate you. I miss you, but I'm better off without you. I want you out of my life, but I never want to let you go.
I like it when you smile but I love it when I'm the reason.
Me looking at old pictures: "Why?"
Me looking at old haircut: "Why?"
Me looking at old clothes: "Why?"
Me looking at old crush: "Why?"
She can be your best friend, worst enemy, a real sweetheart, or a real bitch. It all depends on how you treat her.
Never give up on something you really want. It’s difficult to wait, but worse to regret.
