<uid>272055657
<uname>babetexts
<tweet>
Be the girl his ex-girlfriend will hate, his mom will love, and that he will never forget.
I cared, you didn't. I cried, you laughed. I was hurt, you smiled. I moved on, you realized what you had. Too late.
My attitude is based on how you treat me.
People throw rocks at things that shine and life makes love look hard.
I'm not single, and I'm not taken. I'm simply on reserve for the one who deserves my heart, because they say good things take time.
I love texting people who reply super fast.
Sometimes it lasts in love, and sometimes it hurts instead.
Truly, madly, crazy, deeply in love with you.
me: why am i so fat me: 
eats 17 pizzas me: 
eats 49 tubs of ice cream me: 
eats entire family me: why
My Mom is:

-annoying
-dramatic
-irritating
-beautiful
-loving
-caring
strong-
amazing all in one but I love her to death.
I love you with all my heart, my soul and my body.
I don't need a perfect relationship. I just need someone who won't give up on me.
Real girlfriend will be on your ass, text you everyday, fight with you, cares about you, listens to you, and loves you like no hoe has.
Sorry, but I don't need any part time people in my life. You're either with me or you're not. You can't just come and go as you please.
I cheated on my fears, broke up with my doubts, got engaged to my faith and now I'm marrying my dreams.
Love yourself. Be gentle, kind, respectful, sincere. If you carry that out, you might inspire others with that attitude.
I don't fall in love with posters or models anymore, now I'm in love with you❤
If you stay, stay forever. 
If you go, do it today.
If you change, change for the better. 
And if you talk, make sure you mean what you say.
I'm done trying. If you want me in your life, let me know.
Let go  of the parts of life you honestly don't want. http://t.co/N4xwVyUy
You are the first thing I think of every morning, the last thing that stays on my mind every night.
A real boyfriend never "gives up" on his girl. He fights for her
If you can stop depending on people, you will stop being disappointed.
I love everybody. Some I love to be around, some I love to avoid, and others I would love to punch in the face.
Apologies mean nothing when you keep on doing what you're apologizing for.
When you touch my hand I go crazy.
The biggest mistake you can make, is holding on too long.
Don't lead someone on. If you like someone, then tell them. If you just want to be friends, then don't make them think they have a chance.
Love doesn't depend on sight or sound, just heart beats.
Do you ever have that one person you have a tiny subtle little crush on and it’s just never going to go away?
